

id: jane password: 123
id: bob password: 123


did 10/16/23 by Parker:

- Added environment variables with name for location / access token in square.py
- began setting up db models (models.py)
- began setting up OrdersForm() (forms.py)
- Set up route for sign on with ID and password (w/ hashing)
- set up route for sign up with ID, password, and customer ID. 
     - Customer ID is generated by Square API and displayed on the screen when the user signs up
     - also set up route for creating a customer profile in Square API
     - displays error messages with 'flash' if the user already exists or if the passwords don't match
- set up route for sign out
- started up route for orders page (orders.html) (not finished)
     -TODO: setup helper function to retrieve recent (last 100) orders from square API
- minor styling
- template 

did by simao 10/18/23
- added customer ids to jane and bob
- made orders only show customers orders
- a few bug fixes nothing major

did by Rye 10/22/23
- found bugs
- unnested if statements in 'routes.py,' functionality unchanged.

did by simao 10/25/23
- monthly expenses page

did by Simao and Rye 10/29/23
- 5 most bought items


TODO:
DONE - fix orders page to only show date and order number
DONE - get the cache working
DONE - create button to go to page that shows monthly expenses
- find bugs!!! (always in progress)


BUGS:

- Creating new account with same email does not tell user why their account set up failed, note: If one uses the exact same parameters for a new sign up, an appropriate error message will appear. This is a unique case.
- When you create an account, at the "home page" the user is still has the option to make an account. Not really a bug, but seems like a random functionality. 
- no error message when all fields not filled in sign in page. It should not only say that there are empty fields, but specify which fields.